Starts execution directly from triggerer without going to worker (#38674)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/authoring-and-scheduling/deferring.rst

``execution_timeout`` on operators is determined from the *total runtime*, not individual executions between deferrals. This means that if ``execution_timeout`` is set, an operator can fail while it's deferred or while it's running after a deferral, even if it's only been resumed for a few seconds.

Triggering Deferral from Start
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you want to defer your task directly to the triggerer without going into the worker, you can add the class level attributes ``start_trigger`` and ``_next_method`` to your deferrable operator.

Reviewer: @Lee-W probably we should add a note here that this feature is available starting Airflow 2.10 ?
Similar to  https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/54d01809f9389680b0ae358ee72bc162503dce3e/docs/apache-airflow/administration-and-deployment/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.rst#L85-L88

Author: Yep, sounds good! Let me add a TODO in https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/39585

* ``start_trigger``: An instance of a trigger you want to defer to. It will be serialized into the database.
* ``next_method``: The method name on your operator that you want Airflow to call when it resumes.

This is particularly useful when deferring is the only thing the ``execute`` method does. Here's a basic refinement of the previous example.

.. code-block:: python

    from datetime import timedelta
    from typing import Any

    from airflow.sensors.base import BaseSensorOperator
    from airflow.triggers.temporal import TimeDeltaTrigger
    from airflow.utils.context import Context

    class WaitOneHourSensor(BaseSensorOperator):
        start_trigger = TimeDeltaTrigger(timedelta(hours=1))
        next_method = "execute_complete"

        def execute_complete(self, context: Context, event: dict[str, Any] | None = None) -> None:
            # We have no more work to do here. Mark as complete.
            return

``start_trigger`` and ``next_method`` can also be set at the instance level for more flexible configuration.

.. warning::

>     Dynamic task mapping is not supported when ``start_trigger`` and ``next_method`` are assigned in instance level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Dynamic task mapping is not supported when ``start_trigger`` and ``next_method`` are assigned at the instance level.
```
